For #12289 Add `lib-auth` for authentication using biometrics or PIN. (#12291)
mozilla-mobile/android-components: docs/changelog.md

* **feature-syncedtabs**
  * ⚠️ **This is a breaking change**: When constructing a `SyncedTabsStorage`, the `tabsStorage: RemoteTabsStorage` parameter is no longer optional so must be supplied [#11799](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/android-components/pull/11799).
  
* **feature-biometric-prompt**

>   * Implement the common part from Biometric in ac

Author: I named it "Add `lib-auth` for authentication using biometrics or PIN." because I renamed it from "biometric-prompt-feature" to "lib-auth"

* **feature-syncedtabs**
  * ⚠️ **This is a breaking change**: When constructing a `SyncedTabsStorage`, the `tabsStorage: RemoteTabsStorage` parameter is no longer optional so must be supplied [#11799](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/android-components/pull/11799).
  
* **lib-auth**

>   * Add `lib-auth` for authentication using biometrics or PIN.

Reviewer: nit.
```suggestion
  * Added `lib-auth` component for authenticating using biometrics or PIN.
```

>     [issue # 12289](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/android-components/issues/12289)

Reviewer: This is in the wrong section. We're at 103 now.

Author: Done
